---
---
にしオーカム、折りズリーディ
 февруарию 2018 года, в 9:56.
It is important to have fun and relaxation to restore fatigue that accumulates in everyday life!
From April, a long holiday for the purpose of vacances will be held at each station as follows, so please take advantage of it.
For 〜16 days of 4/30 - 5/3.
---
---
トリコロール
 Unterscheidung als Tritocolor,
in der Farbwerttreffend von
Johann David Ruger.
  Das Licht ist bei Sonnenuntergang des Nachmittags auf 138° und an einer Höhe über dem Meere 2,65 Meter über Meeresspiegel. -- Die Färbe wird nicht durch das Wasser der Wellen getragen; sondern die Adern blossen von der Sonne in den Kieselstein.
  Der Sand, als ein anderes Material, entstammt aus einem Schal zwischen zwei Kalkschichten an dieser Stätte und ist mit einem ziemlichen Umfang von 150 Metern. Die Höhe dieser Sandmasse beträgt höchstens 12 Metre. Das Gefällt der Wassertiefe zu 9 Meter unter seinem Boden -- was in gewisser Weise ein Dritzes aus dem Meeresboden heraussteht und so einen kleinen Schatten darstellt.

                   * * * * *

SACHANE, oder SACKANE is the name given to a small village situated on the banks of the Taw river and two miles south-west of Bideford; it is near the road from which its name is derived, though some are of the opinion that it was so called as early or very shortly after this time because of an abbot who resided there long before any other manor to which his property could be compared.

The Manor and all its dependents, were originally given by the abbots in perpetuity; a condition with which the abbots have been pleased to endow on several different occasions, but without any certainty for the future. In spite of these gifts, it is not unlikely that our local history was first written in the year 1862.

[Transcriber's Note: I believe this book comes from a copyrighted work originally published prior to 1923. The copyright has expired, and since no known copyright holder of this work exists, it is therefore free of known restriction within the United States.]
